hey everyone today we're making eggs
benedict paleo style and we're going to
be using prosciutto maybe because I like
it so first we're going to start by
preheating our oven to 350 we're gonna
start creasing our muffin tin use oil
olive oil if you want I'm just thinking
we're sticking with a theme here all
right so we're gonna set that aside and
we're gonna slice our shallot just gonna
cut the shot so many thin slices
I'm getting about 12 slices of
prosciutto
splat as you can cook take some shallots
oh so we don't have to tell stuff is
super short oh we had two four six eight
places it was supposed to be 12 but my
calculations were wrong so we're gonna
make four instead of no that's ready
time for eggs ladies we're gonna be
using only five eggs no for egg count so
pretty
you'll never see now add a little salt
pepper now we're gonna work or not
basil all day we're gonna just separate
egg yolks and have this pot of water
we're make a double boiler a bit
you can use your hands if you like or
you do that like cool water bottle thing
that I always seem to fail that I tried
doing that in school by the way
it's the water bottle thing and I
thought I was gonna be the cool kid with
like oh yeah I got a new technique it
backfire there we go that's right we're
gonna make clarified butter so make
butter skillet and want to be just go to
any store in Waikiki see those white
things that's what we're gonna scoop out
those are the milk solids
let's and all the lactose inside those
butter if we're gonna have clarified
butter right so we can set this aside
and we're gonna use it later the double
boiler we're gonna bring this to a boil
and then we're gonna put our egg yolks
on top
whisk away to make it more foolproof I
mean you can do without this stuff but
you could add half a tablespoon of water
so if using four eggs you can use half a
tape I mean usable tablespoon so they
give this and burn and and whisk your
heart out three minutes almost there see
now look it's like digging a little bit
and the color has changed that's what
you want for holidays the butter
like tablespoon on the fact that you
will physically the same philosophy is
like making a salad dressing it's an
emulsification process add a little bit
it'll don't be afraid of it
serene set this aside and let it cool
for a bit while we're doing that we're
now about a quarter teaspoon of Dijon
mustard into the mix use mustard powder
if you want so next we're gonna julienne
our basil some people use Tabasco I like
whatever you like
I love prosciutto
hey good nerds sorry it's been a while
so but yeah I'm here now and that's what
it's important give the recipe a shot I
hope you like it so recently I've been
working with patreon if you know what
patreon is you can tip me any those tips
I can make content or often and better
content and in return you get things
like wards and perks and such so if you
want to know more about that I will
leave a link somewhere in this video
description of course I have a video
over there explaining to you what
patreon is what it's all about
they also have an FAQ if you want to
learn more about that stuff so anyways
I'll talk to you guys later
and as always happy Nami